[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
I've been waiting for you...
Fena Houtman.
Who is that?
Cody.
What are you saying?
In short...
The various elements
that led you
to standing
in this very place.
Every one of them
was set into motion by us.
For you see,
I am a part of Eden.
And Eden
is a part of me.
[ Gasps ]
It is we who govern
the bloodlines of the maidens.
And guide them
to this place.
Have you prepared
yourself?
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
What is this place?
Yukimaru?
Cody: This is the entrance.
Cody.
Where are we?
Where's Yukimaru?
He is safe,
Fena La Pucelle Frederick.
Princess, true daughter
of the king of England.
Huh?
Also, the daughter of
Helena La Pucelle des Armoises.
So you were the one
who guided me here?
Not just me.
The bread crumbs and visions
that led you
on your quest trace back
to Jeanne La Pucelle...
[ Gasps ]
...a distant ancestor
of yours.
Memories from another maiden
that she handed down to you.
Your fate -- proof
that this is your destiny.
Every moment that's occurred
has been integral
in weaving your story.
And all of this...
Is part of a test
to determine
if you have what it takes
to be one of the maidens.
You have demonstrated
that you do.
You chose from the paths
we laid out in front of you,
and the road you traveled
ultimately led you here.
Fena: I chose?
This whole time, my choices
were laid out for me.
Like I was being controlled.
What'll you force me
to do now?
You want something,
don't you?
Tell me what!
We searched everywhere
for a pure being
who could manage
the ever-swelling number
of souls in our stead.
We need to pick wisely.
The chosen one
must test humanity,
ascertain its maturity
and its worthiness.
Cody: This is how The Maiden
of Choosing came to be.
Through the countless cycles
of death and rebirth,
they have continued
to make that choice.
Fena: What choice?
Death and rebirth...
or its continuation.
Cody: In short...
You may choose
to destroy the world...
Or leave it be.
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
That decision...
that choice,
that is the reason
why you were born
to be the Maiden of Choosing.
[ Gasps ] Wait!
What are you saying?
Destroy the world
or leave it?
How can I possibly make
a choice like that?
Will civilization's end
be today
or in some unknown future?
Your sole purpose here
is to make that decision.
Franz: A maiden cannot shirk
her duty.
A choice must be made.
Now let us begin.
♪♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Gasps ]
No, stop!
Stop it!
♪♪
[ Exhales sharply ]
Franz: What we just showed you
is a portion of the past
unknown to you.
Mankind kills in order
to protect things,
and competes
in order to survive.
Cody: For now, everything's
held together
in a precarious balance.
But if this doesn't change,
the day will soon come
when all life on earth
will be extinguished.
And the skies will turn
to darkness.
That future --
is it already
set in stone?
Nothing
is set in stone.
There are only
probabilities.
We exist to make one probability
more likely than the others.
You'll see.
This is one such example.
This is a future that could
potentially await your friends.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Guys?
Yukimaru!
[ Panting ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Whimpering ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Sobbing ]
This is
your first option.
Change nothing,
and you let the sands of time
fall as they may.
[ Birds calling ]
Yukimaru: Fena.
Yukimaru.
Where are we?
A world that broke free
of the cycle of death.
Leaving only hope behind,
an Ark of Time
drifting aimlessly
until the day of rebirth
arrives.
When everything
will be reset.
Hmm?
It will choose pure souls
at random
to repopulate the earth
and consign everything else
to oblivion.
What does that mean?
The old must be destroyed
to make way for the new.
Only the wind, land,
and sea will remain.
As well as...
[ Gasps ]
Yukimaru?
What are you...
Huh.
Your hand in mine.
That was my vow.
When maidens are reborn,
the very first thing
she'll see --
her beloved
by her side.
The one who has been deemed
worthy of being her other half.
[ Gasps ] But what will happen
to all the others?
Ahh!
♪♪
One last thing.
Once you have made
your decision,
you will have completed
your role as maiden.
Cody: Maidens who have fulfilled
their purpose
lose all their memories.
Why?
The human heart
is fragile.
To destroy humanity or wait
and watch it be destroyed,
her heart will break
no matter which she chooses.
Anguish like that has
no place in Eden.
It must go on.
The future generations
of the maiden.
Which means you'd need to
continue your sacred bloodline.
Why does it have to be me?
This is too cruel.
It falls upon you
because the choice
is your birthright.
I can't do it.
I just can't.
How could I possibly
make that choice?
Ah. [ Gasps ]
This is the moment.
The very reason
that your heart beats.
[ Heart beating ]
Huh?
You've called the shots
so far.
And your gut hasn't
let us down yet.
You can so do this,
Fena.
Karin.
Shitan: We've all seen it.
You've gained all the experience
you need.
So now you just choose!
Yep, yep!Yep, yep!
You gotta have faith
in yourself!
I mean, you are
our fearless leader!
You've got this!
Fena.
Fena!
Oh, Lady Fena!
Lady Fena!
Then I guess...
I guess I'll...
♪♪
Whoa!
What's that?
[ Grunting ]
[ Indistinct shouting ]
The whole place
is comin' down!
Great.
Okay, what now?
We retreat.
But Fena
and Yukimaru are --
She's right,
we need to find them.
If we try to get them now,
we'd all end up dead.
Besides,
no matter how bad it seemed,
he's always made
it back to us alive!
That's true.
She's got Yukimaru with her.
Then let's put our faith
in him.
He always finds a way.
On that note,
let's do what we came to do
and then pick
the two of them up.
I don't know about you, but
I did not plan on dying today.
Mm-hmm.
Fena!
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
Fena?
You're...
♪♪
Yukimaru.
What happened to you?
Oh, thank goodness.
I'm glad you're okay.
We can't stay here.
It's too dangerous.
Come on!
♪♪
I can't.
I have to stay.
But why?
No!
What are you saying?
I've always run
from all sorts of memories.
Things I've tried
not to remember.
Regardless, there is one thing
that I could never forget.
And that's you.
When it came to you,
I always remembered.
My memories of you
were always there with me.
Memories of singing,
dancing, fishing.
Or the times
I got on your nerves.
I always had faith you would
come and find me one day.
That's what kept me going
even when I was all alone.
And I clung to that promise
you made,
so I was able
to keep going.
And true to your word
all those years ago,
you really did find me.
You were taller and your face
was hidden by that helmet,
but I knew it was you.
Then I left the island
and met everyone.
They're rowdy and always
getting into trouble.
But...they're my friends that I
can depend on no matter what.
This time
that we've shared,
every moment's been
a precious memory.
Now those memories
and feelings,
I'm gonna lose them all.
♪♪
Listen, Yukimaru.
Thank you for keeping me safe
all this time.
And I'm sorry I've made
so much trouble for you.
But you don't need to worry
about me now.
I'll try to create a future
where you can all survive.
It might be
a really difficult one,
but if anyone can make their way
through it,
it's you guys.
You will,
because you're all so strong.
Way, way stronger
than I am.
But don't worry.
Because even after
I'm gone,
you'll still...
you'll still all...
[ Crying ]
♪♪
Fena.
Really, you don't have
to say anything.
I told you
I'll keep you safe.
No matter what happens,
I'll be at your side.
[ Sobbing ]
What am I gonna do,
Yukimaru?
I-I can't believe
I'm going to stop being me.
I'm gonna forget
about you guys.
I'm gonna forget about you,
Yukimaru.
I'm scared.
I'm so scared.
But I can't choose just you.
I'm sorry.
I care for all of you
so much.
So I can't do it.
I tried so hard to think
of another way,
but this is
the only option.
And I'm scared.
I'm right here.
Don't be scared.
Whatever happens,
you'll still be you.
♪♪
I always knew you were
a nice guy deep down, Yukimaru.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Thank you so much.
♪♪
Fena.
Thank you for everything,
Yukimaru.
♪♪
No, Fena, please!
Don't go!
Our journey
isn't over yet.
I'm glad,
so glad I met you.
All of you.
[ Grunts ]
No, please!
I will never forget you!
I don't care where you go,
how long it takes,
or if you've completely
forgotten who you are.
I will do everything
I can to find you.
I will find you
and make you remember!
♪♪
Yukimaru, listen to me.
Truth is, I've always
had feelings for you.
I have.
For a long time now.
And I always will.
No, Fena.
Don't go.
Please don't go.
Fenaaaaa!
♪♪
[ Groans ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Fena!
Where are you?
Fena! Fe--
Huh?
♪♪
Fena...
I'm sorry,
who are you?
Who am I?
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
My name is Yukimaru.
And you are Fena.
Tsubaki: Hey! Yukimaru!
Fena!
[ Cheering ]
[ Indistinct speaking ]
♪♪
Fena.
Oh?
Let's go back.
Go back to our family.
♪♪
You don't remember
anything?
Karin: We'll see about that.
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
Fena: Mm.
Now relax
your shoulder.
Hmm.
Both: Ahh!
♪♪
-So where to?
-Yeah, which way?
Hmm.
My love, where have you
run off to?
What do you see
in that guy?
I feel like
he must be near by.
You are both acting
like children.
This ringing any bells for ya,
Fena?
Uh...
We've got plenty of time.
♪♪
Salman: Mish Fenaaa!
Hmm?
Angie: There you are!
Otto: You were the one who sent
us on that wild goose chase!
Fena!
Lady Fena!
You look as stunning
as ever!
♪♪
Oh, my goodness!
Are you okay, mister?
♪♪
Karin: Fena, you coming?
Yeah!
♪♪
[ Laughter ]
Franz: You think you'll unearth
your memories?
Mm!
Ah!
Karin: Fena!
Get a move on, or we really are
gonna leave your butt behind!
Sorry!
You gotta stop spacing out
like that, Fena.
♪♪
Yukimaru: Fena...
Hmm?
What is this?
Keep it.
Karin made it.
I honed it.
I think --
Do you recognize it?
Well, don't force yourself
to remember.
It'll all return
little by little.
In the meantime,
I'll protect you.
Huh?
I'll always be
at your side.
Yukimaru.
No matter
how much time passes,
even when I grow old
and frail,
my feelings
will never change.
♪♪
I love you.
Ow! Fena?
[ Chuckles ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Fena: Which wilt thou choose?
Him. Always him.
And those long-awaited words.